content/posts/embdi/_index.md, before:

---
title: "EmbDI"
date: 2022-04-06T18:11:54+02:00


# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: ["embdi"]
author: "Riccardo Cappuzzo"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: "A short introduction to EmbDI."
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "./embdi_workflow.png" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/rcap107.github.io/content"
    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---
EmbDI (**Emb**eddings for **D**ata **I**ntegration) is one of the data curation
systems I have developed during the course of my PhD. It is a complex system
composed of a number of sub-modules which will be explored in further detail in
a series of posts that will be gathered here.

Commit message:

Fixed a bunch of posts, changed homepage.

content/posts/embdi/_index.md, after:

---
title: "EmbDI"
date: 2022-04-06T18:11:54+02:00


# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: ["embdi"]
author: "Riccardo Cappuzzo"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
summary: "EmbDI is the main contribution in my PhD. There is a lot of nuance and information to talk about, so I'll try to compile some of that in these posts."
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "./embdi_workflow.png" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/rcap107.github.io/content"
    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---
EmbDI (**Emb**eddings for **D**ata **I**ntegration) is one of the data curation
systems I have developed during the course of my PhD. It is a complex system
composed of a number of sub-modules which will be explored in further detail in
a series of posts that will be gathered here.
